Trac Wiki to git-based Gollum Wiki
==================================

A very simple script to convert [Trac][] wiki pages to a git repository suitable
for use as a [Gollum][] wiki (as used by [Github][]).


Warning: Don't blame me
-----------------------

This is intended as a starting point for a migration from Trac. You may use it
as base for your own implementation, play with it, fork it and if you extend
it I'll be very pleased to receive pull requests.

But I'm not reponsible if you use it and anything happens that you don't like,
expected or not.


Features
--------

* imports most Trac wiki pages including directories and subpages
  (i.e. any but pages edited by "trac", no trac documentation
  litters the new wiki)
* keeps original history of pages
* keeps author, date and change comments
* sets committer to "Trac2Gollum"
* converts only the most recent revision, so conversion shouldn't
  be able to irrevocably destroy data.
* converts most of trac formatting to Github extended markdown:
    * inline code
    * code paragraphs with optional language identifier
    * header 1-4
    * most  urls (CamelCase and !CamelCase should work)
    * text markup: strong, italic
    * ordered and unordered lists
    * macros won't work but are marked and thus easy to find
* easily customizable by editing the source code ;-)


Bugs / Enhancements / Comments
------------------------------

Please feel free to provide feedback, bug reports and enhancement requests via
the [Github issue tracker][ghi]


Known Bugs / Limitations
------------------------

* it's quite slow (> 12 regexps and at least two external processes per
  revision)
* not all wiki format translations are supported (no macros, images, links to tickets, ...)
* trac time is interpreted as UTC
* won't work with directory (a.k.a. subpage) names containing unicode chars.
  There's a crude workaround for when the file system changes unicode encoding
  of files (Mac OS X), so file names containing unicode should work.

Installation
------------

Requirements: Python (tested with 2.7)

You may want to modify the source code, especially these:

* `GIT`: Path to `git` binary.
* `format_user()`: Formats user id for git log messages. Includes the IP if
  the address does not contain a "@".
* `format_comment()`: Formats the comment.


Usage
-----
    git init MyProject.wiki
    ./trac2pivotal.py trac.db MyProject.wiki


[Trac]: http://trac.edgewall.org
[ghi]: https://github.com/hinnerk/Trac2GithubWiki/issues
[Github]: https://github.com/
[Gollum]: https://github.com/github/gollum